Refactoring branch (#12)
RLudchenko/hibernate-cinema: README.md

> "# hibernate-cinema" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# hibernate-cinema
```

Author: Done

# Project Description 

> This project represents small online cinema which has functions like: 
> Registration, Login, Add Product To Cart, Complete Order, etc. 
> Users can also read a description of their orders. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project represents small online cinema which has functions like: 
register account, Login, book ticket, etc. 
Users can also read a description of their orders. 
```

Author: Done

# Build Pattern 
This project uses MVC pattern, it is structured using Dao and Service 
layers which make it easier to read for other developers.
- **_DAO_** layer contains basic CRUD operations with the persistence layer
- **_Service_** layer contains business logic for the application  
- **_Servlets_**, implement client-server communicating logic   

# DBMS 
The project closely works with SQL queries and provides options to store data 

> in comfortable tables, each table has its own purpose. 

Reviewer: it would be great to add instruction how to run your project

Author: Done :)
